docs: updates to the splice portfolio deployment guide (#1958)
hyperledger-labs/splice-wallet-kernel: docs/dapp-building/examples/portfolio/index.md

# Splice Portfolio

> The Splice Portfolio is a dApp for managing token standard assets and allocations. The app is a static single-page application that can be hosted anywhere. It currently only allows you to connect to your a Wallet Gateway instance to sign transactions.

Reviewer: This is not correct. the dApp SDK dictates this and allows connecting via any cip-103 wallet. Previous version was correct

Author: Changed

> The Splice Portfolio is a dApp for managing token standard assets and allocations. The app is a static single-page application that can be hosted anywhere. It currently only allows you to connect to your a Wallet Gateway instance to sign transactions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Splice Portfolio is a dApp for managing token standard assets and allocations. The app is a static single-page application that can be hosted anywhere. It allows you to connect to your own Wallet Gateway, or any CIP-103 compatible wallet, to sign transactions.

**NOTE:** You currently need to supply a `validatorUrl` for Canton Coin (Amulet) operations.
```
